Have you seen the new Single signon system from Google? One button that allows you instant access to multipule applications. But who now controls your data? We at Tonomy have created a system that functions just like that, but then *YOU* are google. Introducing Tonomy ID, a Sovereign Identity App, a revolutionary solution that uses Self-Sovereign Ownership (SSO) and Self-Sovereign Identity (SSI) to give individuals and organizations control over their own data and identities. Our app allows users to securely manage, store and share their personal and professional information, making it easy to verify their identity, proof of ownership and provenance. **With one special twist,** unlike similar systems this system is not just open source, but also non-profit and white-label by default, which means that it's build to taken over by all organisations, so they can give it their own special sauce. No vendor locking, No ICO token model, No unethical business practises. With our app, users, businesses, supplychains can finally reduce the risk of data breaches and fraud, and easily access and share their information without the fear of being beholdend to centralized authorities. Say goodbye to the need for intermediaries and centralized systems, and hello to a more efficient, secure and transparent data systems that help keep their Sovereignty with our Sovereign Identity App.

applicable to all solutions that require authentication, provenance, auditabilty, verification and automation on a cryptographic level. 