Why the world needs SSI (self-sovereign-identity)
In the western world we’ve learned to trust our institutions without asking questions. To trust educational institutions with the issuance and storage of our earned credentials. To trust health care pivoted organisations to safeguard our medical records. It’s what we’ve learned from a young age on and never dared to question since it always appeared to work. At least, we thought it did. The truth is that institutions have manipulated us and extorted our trust in them. Questionable practices of Facebook and other social media giants have shown us again and again that ethical boundaries are non-existent within these institutions. Are they knowingly deceiving us to extract value to satisfy their shareholders? It appears so, at least, in many cases. You see, the system isn’t interoperable at all, and we’ve gotten used to creating new accounts representing our identity on every other platform, website, or service we use. Obliviously feeding our personal data to these ‘’trustworthy’’ institutions that convert our data for profit the second we’ve decided to trust them with it. 
Let’s be clear here, our personal data is the most valuable commodity there is. It’s the converging point between us and the outer world. It’s essentially who we are, and our worth is wrapped up in our identity. We might’ve been oblivious for a while. Left in the dark by the overflood of benefits posed by the internet revolution. However, now the time has come that we should step up to protect our identity, and hold institutions accountable. We deserve no less.  
SSI – Self-sovereign-Identity – tools have come to surface. Blockchain technologies and related innovations have made it possible to harness decentralized security and verifiability without actually feeding ‘’them’’ our personal data. Many projects are building for a better, more ethical, and more democratic world. That’s what we at Tonomy Foundation are all about. We think that you, and all other users of the internet, deserve better. No one should be able to profit off of your personal data. This has to stop now! Join us in our mission.